For the past seven years he has been the pastor of The Gospel Tabernacle Church of Jesus Christ Apostolic at
725 Franklin Avenue. He is loved and admired
by all.
Some call him
"Daddy." His congregation will miss his presence. Who is this person? His name is Kingsford Bloomfield, overseer of our Church organization.
Overseer Bloomfield was born on November 12th in Passage Fort, St.
Catherine Jamaica. He accepted the Lord at the tender age of nine and a half after attending The Rehoboth Apostolic Church one night and
decided to accept the Lord after one of his friends did. He is a graduate of St.
Jago High School and the University of the West Indies at Mona. He loves to play guitar and chess and two of his favorite dishes are chicken and fish.
He is happily married to Evangelist Janette Bloomfield for almost 24 years.
They have three children Kijan, who recently graduated from college,
Kajette who is currently in college and Kingsford II.
Overseer Bloomfield gladly and humbly accepted my invitation to interview him on Tuesday, May 25, 2004, and I had the pleasure of doing so. Stepping into his exquisite office, I made myself comfortable and proceeded to inquire about the man behind the smile. People often misunderstand my seriousness. They believe that I am stuck-up, tough or that I don't smile a lot. They also misunderstand the way I speak. They misinterpret what I say and one thing you should understand about me is that I say what I mean. ! don't add or subtract; I say just what i mean.
I first realized God's calling on my life seven years ago, three (3) months before General Convocation I started to feel uneasy. I had a feling that it was time to move out of my comfort zone. Bishop Green was the first pastor who actually gave me an opportunity to become a pastor,
without a trial period, so I just gave it up to God with no regrets." I love the challenge.The greatest challenge of being a pastor is taking a congregation and guiding them and go in God's way.
That is tough and it is a great challenge.

Bishop Kingsford A. Bloomfield born in Passage Fort, St.Catherine Jamaica, accepted the Lord in his life at the tender age of nine and a half after attending The Rehoboth Apostolic Church one night after his friends did the same.He is a graduate of St.
Jago High School and the University of the West Indies at Mona.

Bishop Bloomfield served in multiple capacities in our ministry over the years. He faithfully served under our late founder  Bishop Samuel Green at the Headquarters church as an Elder, Musician, and Bible Teacher, among various other duties. In 1997 he served in the office of Pastor for the GTC Franklin Avenue branch for seven years before returning to Snyder Avenue in 2004 and was installed as Pastor and later Overseer of our Church Organization in 2006. 

His wife Mother Janette Bloomfield a powerful and committed woman of God is his biggest supporter who is constant prayer and intercession on his behalf. They together were blessed by the Lord with three children, Kijan, Kajette, and Kingsford II.He truly believes that as the body of Christ we should be united, as we can accomplish anything once we come together as one.




















